Hey, everyone.
So, in this video, we’re gonna
show you everything that you’re
gonna wanna download and
where to download it.
So we’re gonna take a look at Robert’s
screen, and he’ll guide you through it.
>> All right, yeah.
So just like all of the other, I guess I
should say lessons in this module where
we take you to download everything, we're
gonna go to the 96boards.org website.
As you can see here on the right side,
you have our DragonBoard 410c,
the one and only.
And we're taking you over here.
We're gonna go to the little
Downloads tab right here.
And right underneath all
of this SD card images,
which we were also showing you in other
videos, we're gonna go to this little area
right here where you can see the Fastboot,
or SD recovery method area.
So we have a link here.
I'm gonna click on that, and that should
take us over to the wiki page, where
there's plenty of information for you to
kind of sort through and dig around in.
But we are going to only
be looking at the flashing,
the boot loader, and images onto your
board, Android release right here.
So let's go ahead and click here.
It's gonna take us down to
the bottom of the page.
And you can see that there's a few
files that we're gonna need to
perform this task, first of which
is the Android bootloader ZIP file.
So we're gonna click that.
That's gonna start downloading.
We're gonna scroll down a little bit.
And these are all instructions
that you can actually follow also.
You can choose to follow these
instructions, you can choose to follow
our video to a T, or you can actually
go to our documents as well, and
we're gonna walk you through all
these steps plenty of times.
Now, you're gonna need
all these six files too.
So I am gonna click all these.
You can see them going
into my little downloads
folder there on the left-hand side.
And look at that, they're all downloading.
Some of them are already
done being downloaded.
And once those are all done downloading
we're gonna unzip them all.
And, in the next video we will show you
how to create the path variable to your
Fastboot and modifying the script that
comes with one of those downloaded files.
>> Yep.